Fix for issue 2088 [ Wrong information about floating notation * ] (#2132)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/concepts/Package-Versioning.md

| [1.0,2.0) | 1.0 ≤ x < 2.0 | Mixed inclusive minimum and exclusive maximum version |
| (1.0)    | invalid | invalid |

> When using the PackageReference format, NuGet also supports using a floating notation, \*, for Major, Minor, Patch, and pre-release suffix parts of the number. Floating versions are not supported with the `packages.config` format. When a floating version is specified the rule is to resolve to the highest existent version that match the version description. Examples of loating versions and the resolutions are below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the PackageReference format, NuGet also supports using a floating notation, \*, for Major, Minor, Patch, and pre-release suffix parts of the number. Floating versions are not supported with the `packages.config` format. When a floating version is specified, the rule is to resolve to the highest existent version that matches the version description. Examples of floating versions and the resolutions are below.
```
